---
layout: post
title: How to flash Motorola Moto G (factory image)
redirect_from: 
  - /2014/04/12/how-to-flash-motorola-moto-g-factory-image/
modified: 2015-03-08
author: carlos_spitzer
tags: [motorola, motog, android, rom]
comments: true
image:
  feature: motog-banner.jpg
---

Recently I was “unbricking” my brother in law moto G device.
I wondered how to recover the Moto G factory stock image and I found several posts with partial information. So I decided to publish one with the entire stock information :-)

First you should find out which device version you have and download the right <a href="http://www.filefactory.com/folder/c6cdedc45a775d27" target="_blank">stock ROM</a>
Also, you should have the fastboot application installed on your linux OS. How to do it? Installing "android-tools" package, easy:

{% highlight bash %}
$  yum info android-tools
Loaded plugins: langpacks, refresh-packagekit
Installed Packages
Name : android-tools
Arch : x86_64
Version : 20130123git98d0789
Release : 2.fc20
Size : 297 k
Repo : installed
From repo : fedora
Summary : Android platform tools(adb, fastboot)
URL : http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/tools/
License : ASL 2.0 and (ASL 2.0 and BSD)
Description :
: The Android Debug Bridge (ADB) is used to:
:
: - keep track of all Android devices and emulators instances
: connected to or running on a given host developer machine
:
: - implement various control commands (e.g. "adb shell", "adb pull", etc.)
: for the benefit of clients (command-line users, or helper programs like
: DDMS). These commands are what is called a 'service' in ADB.
:
: Fastboot is used to manipulate the flash partitions of the Android phone.
: It can also boot the phone using a kernel image or root filesystem image
: which reside on the host machine rather than in the phone flash.
: In order to use it, it is important to understand the flash partition
: layout for the phone.
: The fastboot program works in conjunction with firmware on the phone
: to read and write the flash partitions. It needs the same USB device
: setup between the host and the target phone as adb.
{% endhighlight %}

Then, you must put the following script in the same un-zip’ed stock image folder:

{% highlight bash %}
#!/bin/bash

# Author: Carlos Spitzer (me@carlos-spitzer.com)

# First you must download Stock images here: http://www.filefactory.com/folder/c6cdedc45a775d27
echo ">>>>>> Repartitioning..."
fastboot flash partition gpt.bin
fastboot flash motoboot motoboot.img
fastboot flash logo logo.bin
fastboot flash boot boot.img
echo
echo
echo ">>>>>> Installing recovery..."
fastboot flash recovery recovery.img
echo
echo
echo ">>>>>> Formating...."
for file in $(ls ./system.img*); do fastboot flash system $file; done
echo
echo
echo ">>>>>> Flashing modem...."
fastboot flash modem NON-HLOS.bin
fastboot erase modemst1
fastboot erase modemst2
fastboot flash fsg fsg.mbn
echo
echo
echo "Erasing cache & user data...."
fastboot erase cache
fastboot erase userdata
echo
fastboot reboot
{% endhighlight %}

Finally, execute it and let the magic flows…
